TEAM ROLES

client manager:
project manager:
editor:
chief architect:





Team Roles. 
Identify your client manager, project manager, editor and chief architect.

The client manager is the point of contact for the client. It is his or her responsibility to
assure that meetings are appropriately scheduled with the client and any consultants,
request feedback or clarifications from the client,
be the recipient of requirements changes from the client, and
notify the client of significant changes in deliverables and schedule.

The project manager is responsible for maintaining the integrity of the schedule and communication with the "boss" (a.k.a., me!). It is his or her responsibility to
assure that meetings with the professor are appropriately scheduled,
assure that team meetings are appropriately scheduled,
assure that team members are aware of their responsibilities and deadlines, and
help the team reassign responsiilities when necessary, and
maintain the project plan.

The editor is responsible for maintaining the quality and consistency of all formal documents. It is his or her responsibility to
assure that documents have the correct content,
know who is writing all pieces of the documents,
assure that appropriate version control is used,
edit the final versions of the document in order to assure consistent style, and
post documents when and where they are expected.
It is NOT his or her responsibility to write all documents.

The chief architect is responsible for maintaining the quality and consistency of the final deliverable. It is his or her responsibility to
produce the high level design with the participation and agreement of the team,
validate that design changes do not impact the integrity of the project,
arbitrate design discrepancies,
confirm that design changes are appropriately reflected in the documentation,
represent the user's point of view in reviewing interface designs, and
help assure that team assignments will support rather than destroy the product design integrity.
It is NOT his or her responsibility or prerogative to usurp all design decisions.